ADDON_SUMMARY - user's guide
Author: ADDON_AUTHOR_NAME

%!includeconf: ../addon_userManual.t2tconf
%!includeconf: addon_informations.t2tconf
%!includeconf: addon_keys.t2tconf
URL: ADDON_AUTHOR_URL

[GitHub repository: ADDON_REPOSITORY ADDON_REPOSITORY]

Download:
- [stable version ADDON_CUR_VERSION ADDON_DOWNLOAD_SERVER1]
- [developpement's version ADDON_DEV_URL]


Compatibility:
- minimum supported NVDA version : MINIMUM_NVDA_VERSION
- last tested NVDA version: LAST_TESTED_NVDA_VERSION


Traductor (s): automatic translation from french language
= Summary =[toc]
%%toc


+ Introduction +
++ Features ++

Although this application is relatively well accessible, this extension attempts to improve the accessibility of the Recuva file recovery software:
- by naming certain unlabeled objects,
- by preventing unnecessary focus from being placed on unknown objects,
- adding the script "KEY_Search_RESULT" to re-read the overall result of the search,
- by automatically maximizing the window displaying the search result.


++ update ++
The update of the extension is, by default, automatically a short time after the start of NVDA (between 20 and 600 seconds) and a maximum of once per day.
It is possible to disable this update by unchecking the option "automatically check for updates" of "Update" category in the extension settings.
The version of the extension can be:
- a stable version: its version number is "1.0" for example.
- either a development version: the version number is of the type "1.0-dev1", or "1.0-rc1", or "1.0-beta2".


By default, the stable version is updated with a stable version more recent (higher version number).
But it is possible to update the stable version running with a development version of the next stable version. Just check the option "Update also update the stable release to the versions of development" located in the "Update" category of extension settings.

A development version is updated:
- with a more recent development version,
- with its stable version,
- or with the latest stable version if the previous option is not checked.


The button "Search for update" placed in the extension settings, menu item "Update", allows you to search immediately for an update.

The "View history" button, placed in this same category, allows you to display the history of the current version in the browser.

In the case of an automatic update and if a new version is detected, the "Update" dialog box is displayed to suggest:
- either the immediate installation of the new version,
- or to postpone the update until later. In this case, the search will be restarted at least one hour later.


In the case of an automatic update and if a new version is detected, the "Update" dialog box is displayed to suggest:



++ Compatibility ++
This extension has been tested with Recuva version 1.53.

+ History +
The version history of this add-on is in the file: ["changes.html" changes.html]
