ADDON_SUMMARY - History
Author: ADDON_AUTHOR_NAME

%!includeconf: ../addon_global.t2tconf
%!includeconf: addon_informations.t2tconf

URL: [ADDON_REPOSITORY ADDON_REPOSITORY]


Download:
- [Current stable version: ADDON_CUR_VERSION ADDON_DOWNLOAD_SERVER1]
- [Previous stable Version: ADDON_PREV_VERSION ADDON_DOWNLOAD_PREVIOUS]
- [Development's versions ADDON_DEV_URL]


Traductor (s): automatic translation from french language


+ v1.10 (June/05/2025) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2025.1

NVDA versions prior to 2024.1 are no longer supported.

Bug fixes:
- the update search is no longer done when the "Automatically search for updates" option is unchecked just after starting NVDA.


Development :
- when installing the add-on, the current configuration is no longer saved in the add-on folder but is now saved in the user configuration folder. This allows you to still keep the current configuration if an installation goes wrong.


Compliance with the NVDA API:
- Use of the "ExecandPump" method of the "Systemutils" module.
- Take into account the obsolescence of Gui.messagebox and Gui.message.messagebox, replaced by messagedialog:
 - Messagedialog is now used for all NVDA versions greater than 2025.1.


+ v1.9 (October/18/2024) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2024.2, NVDA 2024.3 and NVDA24.4.

NVDA versions prior to version 2023.1 are no longer supported.

+ v1.8 (March/25/2024) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2024.1

What's new:
- taking into account the "Speech on demand" mode introduced in nvda 2024.1: all scripts announcing information will vocalize this information. In this mode, all other scripts will remain silent.
- compatibility of the extension with the 64-bit version of Recuva.


Development :
- use of the scriptHandler.script decorator.
- removal of code specific to versions prior to NVDA 2022.1.


+ v1.7 (February/14/2023) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2023.1

+ v1.6 (May/31/2022) +
- fixed inability to view add-on history using the "View History" button.


+ v1.5 (01/27/2022) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2022.1
- reset the configuration in the event of errors in the configuration file.


Changes:
- during an automatic update of the add-on, it no longer asks the user if he wants to keep the current configuration parameters of the add-on.
- during a manual installation of the add-on, a confirmation request is requested when the user has chosen not to keep the current settings of the add-on configuration.


+ v1.4 (11/04/2021) +
Compatibility with NVDA 2021.3. Versions of NVDA prior to version 2020.4 are not supported.

+ v1.3 (06/22/2021) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2021.1. Versions of NVDA prior to version 2019.3 are not supported.
- removed code specific to Python 2.7.


+ v1.2.1 (04/02/2021) +
Adding arabic translation

+ v1.2 (29/12/2020) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2020.4
- addition of the "View history" button in the "Update" category of the add-on's parameters.


+ v1.1.1 (29/10/2020) +
Correction of documentation

+ v1.1 (27/10/2020) +
- compatibility with NVDA 2020.3
- code cleaning (corrections of errors detected by Flake8)
- addition of the "What's new" button in the dialog proposing the installation of a new update.


+ v1.0 (28/07/2020) +
Creation of the add-on.
